Alright!
(CHO-CHO) Sarada!
Uh...
Starting today, I'm passing on
the role of heroine to you!
[chuckle] Great! Thanks!
And I'm sorry for getting into
the finals before you.
That's okay. I'll be right there
with you real soon.
Don't get careless and let him
slip you up.
Make sure you're extra careful
around that Araya guy!
Yes, even if an explosion goes
off right beside him, he doesn't
blink.
Which means he's trained
extensively.
He's not normal.
Who do you guys think you're
talking to?
I'm going to become Hokage,
remember? I won't let it all end
here.
[cheering]
Hey...
Oh!
Good job, guys! You all got
really close, too!
Well, no use getting depressed
about it. You guys went through
the same thing.
Let's just support them and
cheer them on.
Yeah!
It's starting!
Semifinal match two!
From the Leaf, Sarada Uchiha!
Versus the Sand's Araya!
Begin!
[grunts]
[grunt]
Go!
[surprised grunt]
[grunt]
I see... So you're keeping calm
and just observing, are you?
Then I'll do that too!
[grunt]
[gasp]
[frustrated grunt]
I can't keep up, even with my
Sharingan!
[grunt]
Sarada is just amazing!
She's using her Sharingan to
anticipate her opponents moves!
Yeah, but it doesn't matter
anyway, he counters everything
she's got!
[grunt]
As expected, the Uchiha's
Sharingan is really something...
[gasp]
[grunt]
[straining]
So... You actually can talk,
after all! You've been so
quiet...
I thought maybe you weren't able
to!
Whatever.
[pained squeal]
Watch out!
Tch! I'm not done yet.
[gasp and pained groan]
No! Sarada!
[cheering]
[grunt and pained groan]
[pained breaths and groans]
[cheering]
Did Sarada try to use genjutsu
to stop her enemy's movements
just now?
Yeah... But it looks like it
didn't work.
Impossible!
Surprise attacks don't even faze
him, genjutsu doesn't work...
What's going on here?! I mean...
is that guys even human at all?!
Why won't genjutsu work on him?
My timing was perfect! And
yet...
As one would expect from a
Sand Shinobi... Is he just
stronger than me?!
No, it can't be!
At the least...
someone not affected when facing
a Sharingan-based genjutsu for
the first time would...
[gasp]
Wait, doesn't the Hidden Sand
use--? Yeah, they do!
[gasp and grunt]
[grunts and straining]
If this continues, it's going to
be very bad...
Sarada! Move away from him!
Seems you can still move, even
with that wound.
[grunts]
But it's useless. I've done my
research on the shinobi of the
Hidden Leaf.
[gasp]
I know you're really smart too.
It'll be troublesome if this
gets drawn out...
so why don't we wrap this up
quickly?
[grunt]
[pained grunt]
[pained groans]
[heavy breathing]
Did you use up your strength?
Well, then...
[heavy breathing]
Lightning Style: Lightning Ball!
[gasps]
[grunt] Leaf Hurricane! [grunts]
[ohh's and ahh's]
What was she even aiming at?!
No wait...
Look there.
What do you mean?!
Thank you, Metal!
Do not worry That was nothing!
Eh?! You all... I just, uh...
Wait, what?! What is going on?
Eh...!
[shouting]
Alright. You can't run away
anymore.
[cheering]
Whoa, there's someone up there!
Wha-?
Huh?! Is that his twin?!
[gasp] No way!
You're the real one, aren't you?
You Puppet User!
[cheering]
Huh?
Did she say puppet?
Hmmm...
B-b-but... W-when did you
f-figure it out?!
I sensed that something wasn't
right from the beginning.
No matter how disciplined one
may be...
when something suddenly happens
before their eyes... humans
react unconsciously.
But you didn't react at all...
Also, you had almost inhuman...
machine-like movements that my
Sharingan couldn't keep up
with...
...and you were unaffected by
genjutsu when I tried to use it
on you.
And that's when I remembered.
The Village Hidden in the Sand
possesses outstanding technique
with puppets.
I-is t-that all...?
(SARADA) Well, all that and just
one more thing.
When I was at a disadvantage,
you were in a rush to finish the
fight.
Don't you get it?
If you'd truly done your
research on me...
then you should've known all
about the Sharingan's
weakness...
The Sharingan consumes an
enormous amount of chakra.
So that means that Sarada's
weakness is...
-Stamina, huh?
Yes! Stamina.-
If you intended to win...
the wisest move would've been to
prolong the battle so I'd run
out of chakra.
Instead, you tried to end it as
soon as you saw an opening.
[quivering]
(SARADA) And that's what
convinced me...
You were afraid of having a
long, drawn-out battle with me.
Aren't I right about that?
'Cause if I observed you
closely, you couldn't keep your
secret hidden.
Then I'd see the Chakra Threads
used to control your puppet!
Hey, wait! If a challenger
leaves the battle arena, doesn't
that mean disqualification?
Yeah, that's right... Leave in
the middle and you're
disqualified.
It should be the same as if you
weren't there at the start.
Don't you think, Lord Kazekage?
You want to make a complaint,
then?
(NARUTO) Heh. We need to amend
the rules , you know.
[nervous breaths]
He's just standing there... Is
he... about to try something
else?
No, look...
He's trembling!
[nervous breaths] W-What am I
s-supposed to d-do?
I-I don't like b-being the
c-center of attention!
Is he nervous because everyone's
staring at him right now? He's
just like Metal!
N-no way! A-Am I r-really like
that?
It's no wonder he uses a puppet
to fight!
That's his weakness...
[nervous breaths] Ahh...
(SHINKI) Araya!
[panicked breaths and groans]
[shouting]
Shinki...?
No... I-It's too late! You can't
turn the tide of battle, not in
the condition you're in!
[grunting]
We'll see about that...
[cheering]
Fire Style: Fireball Jutsu!
Uh...!
It is over! The winner is Sarada
Uchiha!
[chuckles]
[cheering]
[grunts and groans]
Should-a researched more! We're
growing stronger every single
day!
Don't you dare underestimate us
Leaf Shinobi!
[chuckles]
You did it, Sarada!
Yeah, well...
What an amazing jutsu!
I haven't mastered it yet...
so I can really only use it
against somebody who's coming
directly at me... [chuckle]
But forget me, Mitsuki. Your
match is up next. You win
this...
And the finalists will be from
Team 7!
Mitsuki, in the next match, show
'em just how serious you can be!
(ROCK LEE) And now... we move on
to match three of the
semifinals!
From the Leaf... Mitsuki...
versus, from the Sand, Shinki!
[cheering]
Amazing...
Wind Style: Breakthrough.
[blowing]
I've got you.
Hm?
Interesting magic trick. What
will you pull out next? A
rabbit?
No, I can only produce snakes.
You use unusual jutsu as well.
Just how do you manipulate Iron
Sand like that?
It's probably the same type of
technique that Uncle Gaara
uses...
That's right... He's the adopted
son of the Kazekage, isn't he?
Aghhh... Well, he may have the
Kazekage, but we have the guts!
Mitsuki!
This jutsu was personally taught
to me by my father. You couldn't
possibly understand.
Oh. Well... I don't really care
either way.
Wind Style: Wind Scythe.
Pointless.
Mitsuki, dodge it!
[cheering]
Snakes again...
Just a clone...?
Striking Shadow Snake Assault.
[hissing]
That wall is impenetrable... But
how about this?
Huh?
Striking Shadow Snake Burial!
[cheering]
Hey, c'mon... I mean, I know a
battle's a battle, but he could
still die, ya know.
[cheering]
Yeah, you're right. I felt no
resistance.
[gasps]
An Iron Sand Clone?!
[grunt] I thought that Mitsuki
had him!
Even that surprise attack had no
effect at all!
I've taught Shinki everything
that I know. His true skills
are even greater than this.
You didn't even take a step
before this, and yet you still
resorted to a clone?
So, did I surprise you a little?
Yeah.
But my Father taught me to keep
my guard up, especially at times
like this.
He taught me that his former
rivals from the past were like
that too.
But what about you, Mitsuki?
I want to see more. Show me your
strength.
[grunt] Go on, Mitsuki! Go for
it!
Cheap tricks won't be affective
against him anymore.
What would Boruto do in a
situation like this?
Lightning Style:
Snake Lightning!
[grunt]
[pained grunts]
Damn it, he got him!
He deliberately let Mitsuki
destroy his Iron Sand wall.
And that made Mitsuki believe he
had an opening to attack.
Yeah... Anyone would've thought
so in that situation.
He's using a lot of jutsu. He
only has a little chakra left.
What are you gonna do, Mitsuki?!
So is that it, then? I know you
have more up your sleeve...
[chuckle]
I know just where that
complacency of yours comes from.
I'll make you show me.
In that attack earlier, I placed
an Iron Sand Marking on you.
You know the Iron Sand's
properties, right?
Magnetism...
That's right. My inescapable
spear will pierce right through
you.
It seems I have no choice left
in this situation...
To defeat him, I'll have to
undergo Sage Transformation...
[gasp]
Hm?
[chuckle]
Now, show me! Show me your
power!
I quit.
[gasp]
[grunt]
Did I just hear you correctly?
Yes, you did. I just said, "I
quit."
[disappointed sigh]
Did I hear correctly?
I submit.
Uh... But...!
It'll be fine this way.
[sigh] I understand...
The winner is Shinki of the
Sand!
Hold on...! What just happened
to Mitsuki? Did he get hurt or
something?!
Don't ask me, I don't have a
clue!
[cheering]
(SHINKI) Wait!
Damn you... But why?
[cheering]
If we were to continue any
further than we did, it might
inconvenience my parent.
[cheering]
What I want is to stay here...
So I don't really care about the
outcome of this match compared
to that.
[cheering]
It seems that I was wrong about
you...
[cheering]
Well, I still don't know if
I would've won even if I got
serious.
[grunt] What are you doing,
Mitsuki?!
Did you get hurt somewhere?
[cheering]
Huh? What's up?
Sorry!
Huh?!
No, wait... Not quite.
More like, I look forward to
working with you further? Yup.
That's it.
Ehhh...?
What just happened to him?!
Mm?! Eh?
[cheering]
Tomorrow... the finals will be
held!
Competing are Shinki of the
Sand, Sarada Uchiha of the Leaf,
and also from the Leaf...
Boruto Uzumaki!
Finalists, please bring your
very best to the matches!
Right!
[chattering]
What's going on? I took you here
'cause you were craving
barbecue...
I mean... sure, it's too bad
that you lost, but...
...you guys really gave it your
all out there, and I'm sure
everyone saw that.
The meat is... flimsy.
[grunt] It can't be helped!
Payday hasn't rolled around yet,
okay?!
(SHIKADAI) Moegi Sensei...
Huh?
Is it... something that we're
lacking?
Listen... that isn't a question
you need to have an answer
for yet.
Just now, you were thinking of
how to beat Boruto in a rematch,
weren't you?
[gasp]
Okay, then... your training for
the next Chunin Exams has
already begun.
Tomorrow, we'll resume our
special training!
Alright!
[chuckle]
(BBQ WAITER) Thanks for
waiting!
Yay! Finally...!
Here's our special combo
platter! Twenty whole servings!
Huh?!
W-What?!
Well, what's the meaning of all
this? I think you have the wrong
table!
You guys were all deep in
conversation so I just went
ahead and ordered for us.
[sigh] Well, if we ordered it,
we gotta eat it. So let's just
dig in!
[chewing]
Uh... But, you guys...!
(SHIKADAI) Hey Cho-Cho, you want
this?
And here's the check!
(INOJIN) Oh, hey, me too!
Ahhh!
Okay! [chewing] If you don't
want it, I'll have it!
(SAKURA) Are you okay, honey?
Yeah. It doesn't hurt.
You were pretty reckless out
there...
[chuckle] Well, I mean, I am
your daughter, after all, right?
That's for sure! So, when did
you learn how to do the Fireball
Jutsu?
I just asked Dad to teach me.
I'm not really able to do it
that well yet, though. [chuckle]
Oh, hey... Is Dad not coming
home tonight either?
I think he should be able to
just relax at home since he's
back for a change.
Well, doing things this way
works for him.
And besides, he comes home to
sleep sometimes. It's just
usually late.
So you're never aware he was
even here.
Your father's been busy
helping Lord Seventh all this
time...
and the work he does is very
difficult.
But everything he's doing is
for the good of this entire
world.
[chuckle]
Wow, how brave of you, Mom.
Hey, come on! Don't tease your
mother!
[chuckling] Yeah, okay...
(SASUKE) Chidori!
Amazing!
So that's Old Man Kakashi's
jutsu, huh?!
Hey! You gotta teach me that!
I can't.
Aw, meanie!
This jutsu can only be used when
you have the visual insight of
the Sharingan.
Then why'd you even bother
showing it to me?!
Your chakra has a strong
Lightning Nature to it.
Improve your precision on
Lightning Style signs.
In time, you'll be able to use
powerful jutsu. But you have to
start with the basics.
Yes, sir. So you're telling me
that if I work hard at it...
I'll be able to use techniques
similar to the Chidori, right?
Okay, I get it...
(SASUKE) Long ago, there was
someone...
Huh?
...who refused to listen to
anyone... who sought great power
by any means...
...and who tried to change the
world all by himself.
Oh, yeah? So what happened to
this guy, then?
He paid a steep price.
However, in the end, a friend
saved him.
So, you're saying friends are
important, right?
I'm all good when it comes to
that stuff.
[chuckle] I mean, I already have
a lot of great people all around
me!
Hm... I see.
[cheering]
(ROCK LEE) The time has come!
The finals are about to begin!
(SHINKI) My jutsu's good against
multiple opponents at once.
It's easy for me to take you
both on at the same time!
(SARADA) You wanna join forces?
It'd be disgraceful for two Leaf
Shinobi to lose here.
We can't let the Five Kage see
that!
(BORUTO) I can't lose, either!
Alright, it's official! We're
teaming up!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Iron Sand
User: Shinki."
(SHINKI) I'll show you that you
can't destroy my impenetrable
Iron Wall!